Add changelog entry for sqlalchemy pin (#6712)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6694 .bug.rst

> the current version of ``sqlalchemy`` has been pinned < ``2.0`` till investigation is being done on new
> release of version ``2.0`` so that it does not break the current database implementation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current version of ``SQLAlchemy`` has been fixed to be <2.0 until we have ensured that the current database module works with it.
```

Author: hopefully its ok now ? @nabobalis

Reviewer: my suggestion didn't make it in.

Author: implemented your comment
